docs/index.md, before:

# Home

Welcome to the PVME Guides documentation!

This site is automatically generated from the [pvme-guides repository](https://github.com/pvme/pvme-guides) and is therefore always up to date with the [PVME Discord](https://discord.gg/6djqFVN).
<script src="javascripts/discordInvite.js"></script>
<script>
discordInvite.init({
  inviteCode: '6djqFVN',
  title: 'PVME'
  });
  discordInvite.render();
</script>
<div id="discordInviteBox"></div>

## Navigation tips

* ++f++ , ++s++ , ++slash++ : open search dialog
* ++arrow-down++ , ++arrow-up++ : select next / previous result
* ++arrow-right++ : complete search suggestion
* ++enter++ : follow selected result
* ++esc++ , ++tab++ : close search dialog

## Updates/Bugs

Checkout the [Changelog](https://github.com/pvme/pvme.github.io/blob/master/Changelog.md) for planned updates and release notes.

For bugs or feature requests, message me on discord (Pleb#0025) or create an issue in the [pvme.github.io repository](https://github.com/pvme/pvme.github.io)

Last updated: {{ now().strftime("%b %d, %Y %H:%M:%S") }}

Commit message:

added note on new categories and updated release notes

docs/index.md, after:

!!! info 
    Some of the categories and guide names have changed. Don't worry, the guides are still all there! 

    The guide structure and guide names now match the categories + channels in Discord. This will be kept up to date automatically in the future. 

    There have also been a lot of bugfixes and improvements thanks to emmet-shark ([Release-notes](https://github.com/pvme/pvme.github.io/blob/master/Changelog.md#release-notes)).

# Home

Welcome to the PVME Guides documentation!

This site is automatically generated from the [pvme-guides repository](https://github.com/pvme/pvme-guides) and is therefore always up to date with the [PVME Discord](https://discord.gg/6djqFVN).
<script src="javascripts/discordInvite.js"></script>
<script>
discordInvite.init({
  inviteCode: '6djqFVN',
  title: 'PVME'
  });
  discordInvite.render();
</script>
<div id="discordInviteBox"></div>

## Navigation tips

* ++f++ , ++s++ , ++slash++ : open search dialog
* ++arrow-down++ , ++arrow-up++ : select next / previous result
* ++arrow-right++ : complete search suggestion
* ++enter++ : follow selected result
* ++esc++ , ++tab++ : close search dialog

## Updates/Bugs

Checkout the [Changelog](https://github.com/pvme/pvme.github.io/blob/master/Changelog.md) for planned updates and release notes.

For bugs or feature requests, message me on discord (Pleb#0025) or create an issue in the [pvme.github.io repository](https://github.com/pvme/pvme.github.io)

Last updated: {{ now().strftime("%b %d, %Y %H:%M:%S") }}
